# cs-210-project-2
<b>Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.</b>
<br>
  ** So Project Two was basically a banking program. The user enters the initial investment amount, monthly deposit, annual interest rate, and number of years. Once the user entered the data, the program displayed two reports - one report without additional monthly deposits and another report with additional monthly deposits. Each report displayed each year's year end balance and year end earned interest.
<br>
<b>What did you do particularly well?</b>
<br>
  ** I think I did pretty well in figuring out which methods were necessary for the program and writing them out. Organizing them in the .cpp file and then linking them with the .h file came pretty naturally to me. 
<br><b>Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?</b>
  <br> ** Since the variables initial amount, closing balance, monthly deposit, and earned interest are all doubles, I wonder if I could've just combined their four methods into one method. Combining them into one method like SetValues(double amount, double balance, double deposit, double interest) and then setting them all at once could create more efficient code and reduce redundancy. This could also be more reliable and increase the security of the code. <br>
<b>Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? </b><br>
  ** The most challenging part of the code to write was the SetEarnedInterest method. I had to rewrite it and test it over and over again to make sure my calculations for all the metrics were coming out correctly. I had to Google the actual process of calculating earned interest and balances, and matched those processes with the code I wrote. It took a bunch of testing to really get it right and make sure the numbers matched the example output in the functional requirements. Stack Overflow was also extremely helpful in seeing examples. I'll definitely be adding Stack Overflow to my support network. 
<br><b>What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?</b>
  <br>** Most notably the ability to figure out the necessary methods for the program to work. This is an essential part of any program. You need to know what's needed to make the program work before you go in and start building the pieces. This skill will be invaluable to my software development career. The skill to write and implement classes will also come in handy for future programs, as classes are instrumental to more complex programs. 
<br><b>How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?</b>
  <br>** The process of rigorous testing definitely adapted the code to be maintainable and readable. After the initial draft, as I kept testing the program to optimize it, I realized that there were better ways to approach things. I initially wanted to create double the methods to account for the two reports (without additional deposits and with additional deposits). Then I realized that involving a bool would be much easier and simpler. Rather than writing out double the identical methods to do display the two reports, I just kept the basic methods, added the bool, and set the bool to true or false depending on the report.
